0 The rise of self-driving taxis in China comes at a time when people are nervous about taking public transport.
0 A woman who accuses Democratic White House candidate Joe Biden of sexually assaulting her 27 years ago has called on him to quit the presidential race.
0 Germany's parliament has passed a law banning so-called "gay conversion therapy" for young people nationwide.
0 The UK's most modern nuclear power station could be partially powered down as the National Grid looks to manage lower energy demands.
1 World Athletics says Nike's controversial Vaporfly range will not be banned but there will be tighter regulations around high-tech running shoes.
1 Formula 1 chairman Chase Carey has admitted that the sport's owners are preparing for "the remote possibility of no racing in 2020".
1 Anthony Joshua's next bout could take place in a Roman amphitheatre in Croatia, says the manager of mandatory challenger Kubrat Pulev.
1 I want to be remembered for my sporting achievements. Real heroes are others, those who have suffered in their soul, in their heart, in their spirit, in their mind, for their loved ones. Those are the real heroes. I'm just a cyclist.
2 A further 3.2 million Americans sought unemployment benefits last week as the economic toll from the coronavirus pandemic continued to mount.
2 Every passenger has to wear a face mask and is offered hand sanitiser. Some seats are left empty, there is no food served or in-flight magazines and aircraft are deep-cleaned every night.
2 Facebook and Google have said they will let employees continue working from home for the rest of the year. The tech giants have announced plans to reopen their offices soon but are allowing more home working flexibility.
3 European scientists think they can now describe with confidence what's driving the drift of the North Magnetic Pole.
3 Facebook has apologised after its latest software update crashed rival apps on iPhones and iPads.
3 Astronomers have a new candidate in their search for the nearest black hole to Earth.